# Web-Project
Travel Express is an application designed to help users to make their travel plans by facilitating them to book their tickets for the journey and hotels for their stay and finally generating an itinerary for their complete trip. The users have the choice to make bookings using the mode of transport of their choice. The options available for different modes of transport are - Air, Road, and Train. After selecting the mode of transport, the users have the option to select the transport service of their choice and compare the competitive rates of these services. Once the mode of transport and the travel dates are finalized, the user can then book a hotel for their stay at the destination place. Again while selecting the hotels, the user has the choice to compare the competitive rates of different hotels. After the hotel selection is done, the user can also add dependents (if any) and go to the payment page. At the payment page, the user gets the option to apply a promo code and book the trip at a discounted price. Once the promo code is applied and payment is done, the itinerary of the entire trip of the user gets generated. 

Technology and architecture:Uses Java Servlet with oracle 11g and JDBC connectivity. The UI changes after every 30 seconds, uses client-side validation and Jquery. Factory design pattern has been implemented with a 3 layered architecture the UI(handles the user interface), the BO(handles the business rules) and the DAO(handles the database connectivity) to provide a hassle free good customer/user experience. Designed the architecture of database and defined Entity relationship using concepts like ER modelling . The layering and the architecture help in debugging and simulates a real live web travel application.
